so for a colorful eyeshadow honor and 33
secret secret grad date a free bets in
today's video I am go to close on time
it's okay because I'm not gonna stay
like this for a long in today's video I
as many of you know and currently in
Mexico so a lot of you guys wanted to
see um like a what I'm taking with me
video and so I thought I'd meet you guys
halfway and not do like all of my
clothes and stuff because that would
just stressed me out a lot but I am
going to show you what like makeup /
skincare / body care I'm taking
with me so if you're interested in
seeing Oh like the cosmetic / beauty
kind of things I am to you with me-
brushes because i clean my brushes still
and don't know what I'm going dead month
man please keep watching a bag of cotton
guns and my dear and tweezers very
important to my lifestyle this is my
banana boat DEET annual SPF for these
are my soul set sunscreens that my aunt
want me I have flour blast and spf50
aerosol cucumber melon in SPF 30 and
pina colada SPF 15 lip balm a travel
loofah that I will throw away at the
hotel a couple of bubble bar / Beth kind
of things because we literally have a
hot tub for a bathtub I'm not missing
that opportunity my lips ill chapstick
eraser with a staring pod on top of it
which if you didn't know sterry pods are
antibacterial antimicrobial skiers that
you adhere to your razor or your
toothbrush my toothbrush is still
upstairs and you literally just take it
off use it put it back on and it keeps
you nice and safe and protected and
they're awesome you can get a bit like
Walmart bed bath beyond I'm a fan
I do not have anything that do not have
these on them ninety-eight percent aloe
vera gel two packets of my equate beauty
makeup remover wipes which I love which
I went where and this much makeup but I
like using these after coming from the
pool or the beach just freshen up my
face so shower gel by Molton Brown
London yes I got this at Christmas yes
I've been saving it for an occasion
various hair shampoo conditioner sashay
samples that I have also been saving
because everyone tells me I will wash my
hair after i get in the ocean I don't
know if I believe it but here you go
we've got some more day bumble and
bumble are in co or bay and rub a my
first aid Beauty ultimate repair cream
and ultimate pair of wash I like to use
this as a lotion and I like to use this
to wash my arms and my vagina it's a 10
miracle leave-in hair treatment sample
to keep my hair from being not good at
owner that was custom made for me by Van
pursuits amica dry shampoo supergroup
SPF 50 son to find sunscreen oil my pink
up texturizing powder whereas Julia
likes to call here crap unscented
deodorant Harvey print hello rollerball
origins high-potency vitamins
moisturizer ninety percent aloe vera
lotion for my body my Luna Lancome by
the sill I make up and face makeup
remover Liz Earle cleanse & polish hot
cloth cleanser estee lauder advanced
night repair serum l'occitane almond
shower oil clinic acne solutions
emergency spot cleared each elf Laura
Mercier flawless face polish scrub
supergoop SKF 37 I green lizard
intensive nourishing treatment mask
Esther Bell aloe vera moisturizing gel
here's a couple of extra sunscreens I'm
going to put my beach bag I have a
supergroup SPF 50 and a pur Lisse SPF 30
Rodan and fields reverse night treatment
in the retinol and vitamin C complex
Davina's re-plumping hair pumping spray
it basically just makes your hair nice a
bunch of samples that I'm going to use
and then throw away at the resort now
let's go for all of my makeup products
keep in mind I'm a makeup artist and I
really like makeup even though I
probably won't use half of what I'm
bringing I still feel better about
myself bringing it make up for ever
instant brush cleanser so for perfection
missed airbrush bronzer for face and
body the Kat Von D shade in my eye
palette Bobby Brown apricot shimmer
brick if you eyelashes just in case
border see a foundation primer in
radiant bronze model coach shimmer
bronzer put a lid on it by the bone
eyeshadow primer laura mercier secret
brightening setting powder l'oreal true
match face powder in w7 max warm soul
mineralized blush becca shimmering skin
Perfector pressed in oval estee lauder
double wear light foundation in
intensity number for becca souffle beach
tint in fig opal the beauty crop
lightning crew liquid aluminized
maybelline superstay better skin
concealer in medium next contour
sculpting powder in hcps 07 Make Up For
Ever store powder in 909 of seven and
five it cosmetics bye bye under eye
concealer in neutral medium it cosmetics
brow power pencil it cosmetics mascara
in hello lashes and the tight line
priming mascara Lancome Visionnaire one
minute blur primer model and co more
browse duo eyelash adhesive with
vitamins color pop super shocked
eyeshadow in millionaire color pop super
shocked eyeshadow in Lola Maybelline
master precise by I estudio liquid
eyeliner so for our colorful eyeshadow
whiner in 33 secret boudoir noir data
12-hour made to last eyeliner in 02
espresso Kat Von D liquid lipstick and
outlaw paired with make up forever aqua
lip liner in HC Nix intense butter gloss
and or sickle paired with NYX lip liner
and orange book some revealed nude
foundation for your lips paired with
benefits who love lip gloss paired with
color pops lip liner in BFF number two
Nick
intense butter gloss in chocolate crepe
or freshers sugar honey lip treatment
paired with eff number one from the
colour-pop finally max sunny soul paired
with NYX butter gloss in maple blondie
paired with makeup forever with liner in
a teensy are you guys I hope you enjoyed
that if you did please make sure you
give me a thumbs up also don't forget to
subscribe for more fun that we have here
on my channel I'm having a great time
Mexico I just I'm certain of it right
now so make sure that you keep up with
me on my social media like tumblr
Twitter Pinterest Instagram Facebook and
fine so you can see what exactly I'm
getting up to in real time and there
will be a vlog up of this experience
next week are you guys thank you so much
for watching and I will catch you in the
next video bye